kod-b
=====

furture&lt;html> &lt;head> &lt;title>Open Graph Getting Started App - og.likes&lt;/title> &lt;style type="text/css"> div { padding: 10px; } &lt;/style> &lt;meta charset="UTF-8"> &lt;/head> &lt;body> &lt;div id="fb-root">&lt;/div> &lt;script type="text/javascript">   // You probably don't want to use globals, but this is just example code   var fbAppId = 'replace me';   var objectToLike = 'http://techcrunch.com/2013/02/06/facebook-launches-developers-live-video-channel-to-keep-its-developer-ecosystem-up-to-date/';    // 	113971752004387       // This is boilerplate code that is used to initialize the Facebook   // JS SDK.  You would normally set your App ID in this code.    // Additional JS functions here   window.fbAsyncInit = function() {     FB.init({       appId      : fbAppId,        // App ID       status     : true,           // check login status       cookie     : true,           // enable cookies to allow the server to access the session       xfbml      : true            // parse page for xfbml or html5 social plugins like login button below     });      // Put additional init code here   };    // Load the SDK Asynchronously   (function(d, s, id){      var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];      if (d.getElementById(id)) {return;}      js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;      js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js";      fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);    }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));    /*    * This function makes a call to the og.likes API.  The object argument is    * the object you like.  Other types of APIs may take other arguments.    * (i.e. the book.reads API takes a book= argument.)    *    * Because it's a sample, it also sets the privacy parameter so that it will    * create a story that only you can see.  Remove the privacy parameter and    * the story will be visible to whatever the default privacy was when you    * added the app.    *    * Also note that you can view any story with the id, as demonstrated with    * the code below.    *    * APIs used in postLike():    * Call the Graph API from JS:    *   https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/javascript/FB.api    * The Open Graph og.likes API:    *   https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/opengraph/action-type/og.likes    * Privacy argument:    *   https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/api/privacy-parameter    */    function postLike() {     FB.api(        'https://graph.facebook.com/me/og.likes',        'post',        { object: objectToLike,          privacy: {'value': 'SELF'} },        function(response) {          if (!response) {            alert('Error occurred.');          } else if (response.error) {            document.getElementById('result').innerHTML = 'Error: ' + response.error.message;          } else {            document.getElementById('result').innerHTML =              '&lt;a href=\"https://www.facebook.com/me/activity/' + response.id + '\">' +              'Story created.  ID is ' + response.id + '&lt;/a>';          }        }     );   } &lt;/script>
